Add logistic decay (#18)
climate-resource/gradient-aware-harmonisation: changelog/18.feature.md

> + include support for logistic-decay
> + we added three new classes/functions to the API in the module `convergence`
>     + `LogisticDecaySplineHelper`
>     + `LogisticDecaySplineHelperDerivative`
>     + `get_logistic_decay_harmonised_spline`
> + whereby the function `get_logistic_decay_harmonised_spline` is mainly meant as user-interface
>   This function can be used as value for the `get_harmonise_spline` parameter in `harmonise`.
>   The function takes the same arguments as `get_cosine_decay_harmonised_spline` and additionally a
>   `slope` and `shift` argument.
> + These arguments determine slope and location of the logistic function and can be passed using
>   `functools.partial(get_logistic_decay_harmonised_spline, slope = 0., shift = 0.)`
> + An example use-case is added to the `getting-started-tutorial`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Include supported for logistic-decay
+ Added new features to [convergence][gradient_aware_harmonisation.convergence]
    + [LogisticDecaySplineHelper][gradient_aware_harmonisation.convergence.LogisticDecaySplineHelper]
    + [LogisticDecaySplineHelperDerivative][gradient_aware_harmonisation.convergence.LogisticDecaySplineHelperDerivative]
    + [get_logistic_decay_harmonised_spline][gradient_aware_harmonisation.convergence.get_logistic_decay_harmonised_spline]

+ The function [get_logistic_decay_harmonised_spline][gradient_aware_harmonisation.convergence.get_logistic_decay_harmonised_spline] is an adapter between the underlying classes and the interface required for the `get_harmonise_spline` parameter in [harmonise][gradient_aware_harmonisation.harmonise].
  The function takes the same arguments as [get_cosine_decay_harmonised_spline][gradient_aware_harmonisation.convergence.get_cosine_decay_harmonised_spline] and additional
  `slope` and `shift` arguments. These arguments determine the slope and location of the logistic function and can be can be 'pre-passed' to the function using [functools.partial](https://docs.python.org/3/library/functools.html#functools.partial) e.g. `harmonise(..., get_harmonise_spline=functools.partial(get_logistic_decay_harmonised_spline, slope = 0., shift = 0.)...)`
+ An example use-case is included in the [getting started tutorial][gradient-aware-harmonisation-getting-started].
```

Same reasoning as https://github.com/climate-resource/gradient-aware-harmonisation/pull/16#discussion_r2029802499
